Update get-started.md (#485)
redis/docs: content/integrate/terraform-provider-for-redis-cloud/get-started.md

    # Create a subscription
    resource "rediscloud_subscription" "subscription-resource" {
            name = "subscription-name"

>             payment_method_id = data.rediscloud_payment_method.card.id # If the payment method is 'marketplace', drop 'payment_method_id' and define the 'payment_method' as 'marketplace'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            payment_method_id = data.rediscloud_payment_method.card.id # If you want to pay with a marketplace account, replace this line with 'payment_method = marketplace'.
```

   ```text
   resource "rediscloud_subscription" "subscription-resource" {
        name = "redis-docs-sub"

>         payment_method_id = data.rediscloud_payment_method.card.id # If the payment method is 'marketplace', drop 'payment_method_id' and define the 'payment_method' as 'marketplace'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        payment_method_id = data.rediscloud_payment_method.card.id # If you want to pay with a marketplace account, replace this line with 'payment_method = marketplace'.
```
